Suggest content for this week (#175)
haskellweekly/haskellweekly: data/newsletter/issue-357.markdown

- [Writing Servant combinators for fun and profit](https://williamyaoh.com/posts/2023-02-28-writing-servant-combinators.html) by William Yaoh
  > Writing your own combinators is extremely useful and convenient, but up to now there hasn’t been a lot of information about how to go about doing so.

- [Why are FP devs obsessed with Referential Transparency?](https://youtu.be/UsaduCPLiKc) by Impure Pics
  > We clarify referential transparency, why it is so cool, what it has to do with side-effects, and what common misconceptions are. (Available as video and text.)

> - [There is No “Tooling Issue” in Haskell](https://youtu.be/c7FncTzvpUQ) by Impure Pics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [There is No “Tooling Issue” in Haskell](https://dev.to/zelenya/there-is-no-tooling-issue-in-haskell-cal) by Impure Pics
```
